Test cases

1. Validate if the given url is opening properly or not.


2. Login panel:
   i) Validate whether the given email id is entered properly or not.
   ii)Validate whether the given password is entered properly or not.
   iii) Validate if the check-box(remember me) is working properly or not.
   iv)Validate if the login button is working properly or not.
   v)Validate if the PHPTRAVELS link is being directed to the link when clicked upon.
   
3. Validate whether tours field is working properly.
   
   i)  Validate whether the the dropdowns are appearing when the cursor is placed on Tours Field.
  ii)  Validate whether the page is being redirected to Tours Management page when clicked on Manage Tours.
 iii)  Validate whether the page is redirected to a new page when clicked on Extras field.
  iv)  Validate whether the page is redirected to a new page when clicked on ADD button.

             - Validate if the dropdown is appearing and are properly selected for status field.
             - Validate the tour name text field whether the text is entered properly.
             - Validate the tour name Tour Description field whether the text is entered properly.
             - Validate the tour name Total Days and Total Nights whether the text is entered properly.
             - Validate if the dropdown is appearing and are properly selected for Tourtype field.
             - Validate the Inclusions, Exclusions, Meta Info, Policy, Contact and Translate fields.

   v)  Validate whether the new tour is being added when all the fields in the form are filled properly.
       (Example: when the important field is not filled then the message should appear).
   

4. Validate whether Hotels field is working properly.
   
   i)  Validate whether the the dropdowns are appearing when the cursor is placed on Hotels Field.
  ii)  Validate whether the page is being redirected to Hotels Management page when clicked on Manage Hotels.
 iii)  Validate whether the page is redirected to a new page when clicked on add rooms.
  iv)  Validate whether the page is redirected to a new page when clicked on ADD button.
   v)  Validate whether the new hotel is being added when all the fields in the form are filled properly.
       (Example: when the important field is not filled then the message should appear).
  vi)  Validate whether the page is redirected to a new page when clicked on Manage Rooms.
 vii)  Validate whether the page is redirected to a new page when clicked on Extras field.



5. Validate whether new tab is being opened when Help field is selected.

6. Validate the Logout button whether the person is able logout.

7. Validate the all the fields in Profile page.
