Test Scenarios

1. Scenario:  Verify  whether user is able to login with valid credentials 
    
   Positive: 
	Given User is able to launch URL
	When User enters valid credentials for email and password
	Then the user should able to login and navigate to homepage.

	Negative:
	Given User is able to launch URL  
	When User enters Invalid credentials for email and password
	Then the user is unable to login.
   
2.  Scenario: Verify whether the list is being displayed when there is mouse hover on header tabs (Cars, Tours, Hotels).
	
	Given User login to the application 
	When there is a mouse hover on header tab 
	Then the drop down is displayed 
	And when user selects an option(tour,hotels) from drop down			   
	Then the User is able to navigate to a particular page

3. Scenario: Verify if user is able to update his/her account with valid details in profile page. 
    
    
    Given User Login to the application successfully
	When User Click on the Profile tab.
	Then page should be navigated to profile page.
	And User is able to update the details like Address.
	When clicked on submit button
	Then the message should appear as changes saved.			 
				 
    
		
4. Scenario: Verify whether the pop-up is being displayed when clicked on Quick Booking button 
	
	Positive scenario:
	Given User Login to the application successfully 
	When Click on Quick Booking button.
	Then Verify A pop-up is displayed with drop-down list
	And once the options are selected, click on Next button.
	
	Negative Scenario: 
	Given User Login to the application successfully 
	When Click on Quick Booking button.
	Then Verify A pop-up is displayed with drop-down list
	And when options are not selected
	Then Error message appears.
				 
    
 5. Scenario: Verify user is able to book Tours through Quick Booking Screen.
 
	Given User is able to Navigate to QuickBookingScreen
	When User fills the Valid Data in the form and clicks the Book Now button
	Then User is able to book the tour.
    
	
																	       	
 6. Scenario: Verify user able to see his booking status in recent booking screen and is able to edit his booking.
    
	
    Given User is able to login and book a tour
	When Once the booking is done, the user should be able to see the booking details in the recent booking screen.
	Then Verify Options like delete,edit and invoice would be seen in the recent booking screen
	When clicked on delete button
	Then a pop-up would be displayed.
	When clicked on OK button
	Then the message should be deleted.
	

    
				 
				
				 
				 
				 
				 
		
                 
 
